README.md, before:

# Installation
- Clone: clone our_branch to local:
```shell
    git clone https://github.com/GongCheng1919/Quantization-caffe.git
    cd Quantization-caffe
```
- Merge: If you want to merge the [latest Caffe](https://github.com/BVLC/caffe) into the this branch, see the following commands:
```
    git remote add caffe https://github.com/BVLC/caffe.git
    git fetch caffe
    git merge -X theirs caffe/master
```
- Installation: You can get detail steps about compilation and installation [here](http://caffe.berkeleyvision.org/installation.html).

# Usage
Our Caffe branch support configure quantization. 
If you do not configure any quantization parameters in the model, 
the full-precision network model will be executed by default.

### 1. Configure quantization
Once the installation is complete, you can add the specified compression parameters (as follows) to each layer to indicate the compression operations the layer needs to perform.
```
  weights_compress:"ULQ" 
  weights_compress_param{
    maxbits:8
  }
```
The optional parameters of `weights_compress` are:
```
Ternary_Quantize:  Compressing the corresponding layer weights/biases into three values {-1,0,1} 
                   and an additional quantized scaler alpha, which is a integer value with the 
                   limited bit width and the bit width can be set by configure the 
                   weights_compress_param.maxbits. More details can be found in our paper "T-DLA: 
                   An Open-source Deep Learning Accelerator for Ternarized DNN Models on Embedded 
                   FPGA" (reference 1).
				   
Clip:              Directly limit data range, for a input data,the output can be computed by this 
                   formula: output=(input*dst_range)/src_range). Here src_range=max(abs(input)) and   
                   usually dst_range=2^k. k can be set by configure the weights_compress_param.maxbits.
				   
ULQ:               implementation of $\mu$L2Q quantization method, compressing the corresponding 
                   layer weights/biases into integer with the limited bit width and the bit width
                   can be set by configure the weights_compress_param.maxbits. More details can be found 
                   in our paper "$\mu$L2Q: An Ultra-Low Loss Quantization Method for DNN Compression"
                   (reference 2).
``` 
Attributes of `weights_compress_param` include:
```
mxbits:            Integer. Must be specified manually. Limiting the bit width of quantized data and requiring 
                   manual configuration, default is 8 (bit width).
   
fixedpos:          Integer. Can't be specified manually. It will be generated automatically in training.
                   For Ternary_Quantize: After quantizing decimal to integer by shift (output=round(input/2^fixedpos)), 
                                         the number of steps of decimal point movement is recorded in fixedpos.

alpha:             Real (Float). Can't be specified manually. It will be generated automatically in training.
                   For Ternary_Quantize: referring to alpha in a paper 1 (reference 1).
                   For Clip: alpha=src_range/dst_range. Here src_range=max(abs(input)) and usually dst_range=2^k.   
                   k can be set by configure the weights_compress_param.maxbits.
                   For ULQ: referring to reciprocal of alpha in a paper 2 (reference 2).

delta:             Real (Float). Can't be specified manually. It will be generated automatically in training.
                   For Ternary_Quantize: referring to delta in a paper 1 (reference 1).
                   For ULQ: referring to beta in a paper 2 (reference 2).
```
### 2. Obtaining the quantized weights and compression parameters of quantized model
Obtaining the weights of quantized model:
```python
# using pycaffe to get the weigts of each layer
import caffe
import numpy as np
net = caffe.Net(your_deploy_prototxt, your_caffemodel_file, caffe.TEST)
for param_name in net.params.keys():
    #get the quantized weights and bias, if you don't quantize current layer, you will get None
    weights = net.params[param_name][0].quantize
    bias = net.params[param_name][1].quantize
```
Obtaining compression method and compression parameters:
```python
import caffe
import numpy as np
net = caffe.Net(your_deploy_prototxt, your_caffemodel_file, caffe.TEST)
for layer in net.layers: 
    print(layer.type)
    #get weights compress
    for i in range(len(layer.weights_compress)):
        print '\t weights_compress[%d]:'%i,layer.weights_compress[i]
        param=layer.weights_compress_param[i]
        print '\t weights_compress_param[%d]:'%i,"alpha=%f, delta=%f, fixedpos=%d, maxbits=%d"%(param.alpha,param.delta,param.fixedpos,param.maxbits)
    #get activations compress
    for i in range(len(layer.activations_compress)):
        print '\t activations_compress[%d]:'%i,layer.activations_compress[i]
        param=layer.activations_compress_param[i]
        print '\t activations_compress_param[%d]:'%i,"alpha=%f, delta=%f, fixedpos=%d, maxbits=%d"%(param.alpha,param.delta,param.fixedpos,param.maxbits)

```
Note: for ease of calculation, all parameters of quantized model have been scaled. If you want to get parameters 
of the integer (such as alpha), see the following steps

# Demo
We use lenet5 as a demo.
### Prepare enviroment and data 
Set up the Python environment: we'll use the pylab import for numpy and plot inline.
```python
from pylab import *
%matplotlib inline
caffe_root = './'  # this file should be run from {caffe_root} (otherwise change this line)
import sys
sys.path.insert(0, caffe_root + 'python')
import caffe
import os
# Download data
!data/mnist/get_mnist.sh
# Prepare data
!examples/mnist/create_mnist.sh
```
### Creating the net with quantization config
```python
from caffe import layers as L, params as P
def lenet(lmdb, batch_size):
    # our version of LeNet: a series of linear and simple nonlinear transformations
    n = caffe.NetSpec()
    n.data, n.label = L.Data(batch_size=batch_size, backend=P.Data.LMDB, source=lmdb,
                             transform_param=dict(scale=1./255), ntop=2)
    n.conv1 = L.Convolution(n.data, kernel_size=5, num_output=20, weight_filler=dict(type='xavier'),
                           weights_compress=["ULQ","Ternary_Quantize"], #compress methods for kernel and bias
                           weights_compress_param=[{"maxbits":8},{"maxbits":8}], #compress param for kernel and bias
                           activations_compress="Clip",#compress method for activations
                           activations_compress_param={"maxbits":8})#compress param for activations
    n.pool1 = L.Pooling(n.conv1, kernel_size=2, stride=2, pool=P.Pooling.MAX)
    n.conv2 = L.Convolution(n.pool1, kernel_size=5, num_output=50, weight_filler=dict(type='xavier'),
                           weights_compress=["ULQ","Ternary_Quantize"],
                           weights_compress_param=[{"maxbits":8},{"maxbits":8}],
                           activations_compress="Clip",
                           activations_compress_param={"maxbits":8})
    n.pool2 = L.Pooling(n.conv2, kernel_size=2, stride=2, pool=P.Pooling.MAX)
    n.fc1 =   L.InnerProduct(n.pool2, num_output=500, weight_filler=dict(type='xavier'))
    n.relu1 = L.ReLU(n.fc1, in_place=True)
    n.score = L.InnerProduct(n.relu1, num_output=10, weight_filler=dict(type='xavier'))
    n.loss =  L.SoftmaxWithLoss(n.score, n.label)
    return n.to_proto()
train_net_path=caffe_root+'examples/mnist/lenet_auto_quantization_train.prototxt'
test_net_path=caffe_root+'examples/mnist/lenet_auto_quantization_test.prototxt'
train_batchsize=64
train_epoch=floor(50000/train_batchsize)
test_batchsize=100
test_epoch=floor(10000/test_batchsize)
with open(train_net_path, 'w') as f:
    f.write(str(lenet(caffe_root+'examples/mnist/mnist_train_lmdb', train_batchsize)))
with open(test_net_path, 'w') as f:
    f.write(str(lenet(caffe_root+'examples/mnist/mnist_test_lmdb', test_batchsize)))
```
### Define solver:
```python
solver_config_path=caffe_root+'examples/mnist/lenet_auto_quantization_solver.prototxt'
from caffe.proto import caffe_pb2
s = caffe_pb2.SolverParameter()
s.random_seed = 0xCAFFE
s.train_net = train_net_path
s.test_net.append(test_net_path)
s.test_interval = 500  # Test after every 500 training iterations.
s.test_iter.append(100) # Test on 100 batches each time we test.
s.max_iter = 10000     # no. of times to update the net (training iterations)
# EDIT HERE to try different solvers
# solver types include "SGD", "Adam", and "Nesterov" among others.
s.type = "SGD"
# Set the initial learning rate for SGD.
s.base_lr = 0.01  # EDIT HERE to try different learning rates
# Set momentum to accelerate learning by
# taking weighted average of current and previous updates.
s.momentum = 0.9
# Set weight decay to regularize and prevent overfitting
s.weight_decay = 5e-4
# Set `lr_policy` to define how the learning rate changes during training.
# This is the same policy as our default LeNet.
s.lr_policy = 'inv'
s.gamma = 0.0001
s.power = 0.75
# EDIT HERE to try the fixed rate (and compare with adaptive solvers)
# `fixed` is the simplest policy that keeps the learning rate constant.
# s.lr_policy = 'fixed'
# Display the current training loss and accuracy every 1000 iterations.
s.display = 1000
# Snapshots are files used to store networks we've trained.
# We'll snapshot every 5K iterations -- twice during training.
s.snapshot = 5000
s.snapshot_prefix = "lenet_auto_quantization"
# Train on the GPU
s.solver_mode = caffe_pb2.SolverParameter.GPU
# Write the solver to a temporary file and return its filename.
with open(solver_config_path, 'w') as f:
    f.write(str(s))
### load the solver and create train and test nets
caffe.set_device(3)#set your own gpu id
caffe.set_mode_gpu()
solver = None  # ignore this workaround for lmdb data (can't instantiate two solvers on the same data)
solver = caffe.get_solver(solver_config_path)
```
### Training:
```python
epoches = 20
# print train_epoch
# losses will also be stored in the log
train_loss = zeros(epoches)
test_acc = zeros(epoches)
# the main solver loop
for ep in range(epoches):
    solver.step(train_epoch)  # run one epoch
    # store the train loss
    train_loss[ep] = solver.net.blobs['loss'].data
    correct = 0
    for test_it in range(100):
        solver.test_nets[0].forward()
        correct += sum(solver.test_nets[0].blobs['score'].data.argmax(1)== solver.test_nets[0].blobs['label'].data)
    test_acc[ep] = correct / 1e4
    print("epoch %d: train loss=%.4f, test accuracy=%.4f"%(ep,train_loss[ep],test_acc[ep]))
#plot figure
_, ax1 = subplots()
ax2 = ax1.twinx()
ax1.plot(arange(epoches), train_loss)
ax2.plot(arange(epoches), test_acc, 'r')
ax1.set_xlabel('iteration')
ax1.set_ylabel('train loss')
ax2.set_ylabel('test accuracy')
ax2.set_title('Test Accuracy: {:.2f}'.format(test_acc[-1]))
```

### Get and restore weights and activations for further processing
```python
#restore the weights to integer
def parse_data(data,compress_method,compress_param):
    if compress_method=="ULQ":
        alpha=compress_param.alpha
        beta=compress_param.delta
        return (data-beta)/alpha+0.5
    if compress_method=="Ternary_Quantize":
        alpha=compress_param.alpha
        fixedpos=compress_param.fixedpos
        print("restore alpha to integer: alpha=%f"%(alpha/2**fixedpos))
        return data/alpha
    if compress_method=="Clip":
        alpha=compress_param.alpha
        return data/alpha  
layer=solver.net.layers[1]
#for ULQ
data1=parse_data(layer.blobs[0].quantize,layer.weights_compress[0],layer.weights_compress_param[0])
#for Ternary_Quantization
data2=parse_data(layer.blobs[1].quantize,layer.weights_compress[1],layer.weights_compress_param[1])
#for Clip
data3=parse_data(solver.net.blobs['conv1'].data,layer.activations_compress[0],layer.activations_compress_param[0])
print(data1.reshape(-1)[:5])
print(data2.reshape(-1)[:5])
print(data3.reshape(-1)[:5])
imshow(data3[:,0].reshape(8, 8, 24, 24).transpose(0, 2, 1, 3).reshape(8*24, 8*24), cmap='gray')
```

Please cite our works in your publications if it helps your research:
```
@article{yao2019tdla,
  title={T-DLA: An Open-source Deep Learning Accelerator for Ternarized DNN Models on Embedded FPGA},
  author={Yao Chen, Kai Zhang, Cheng Gong, Cong Hao, Xiaofan Zhang, Tao Li and Deming Chen},
  journal={IEEE Computer Society Annual Symposium on VLSI 2019 (ISVLSI)},
  year={2019}
}
@article{cheng2019uL2Q,
  title={$\mu$L2Q: An Ultra-Low Loss Quantization Method for DNN},
  author={Cheng, Gong and Ye, Lu and Tao, Li and Xiaofan, Zhang and Cong, Hao and Deming, Chen and Yao, Chen},
  journal={The 2019 International Joint Conference on Neural Networks (IJCNN)},
  year={2019}
}
```

Commit message:

update readme and quantization demo

README.md, after:

# Installation
- Clone: clone our_branch to local:
```shell
    git clone https://github.com/GongCheng1919/Quantization-caffe.git
    cd Quantization-caffe
```
- Merge: If you want to merge the [latest Caffe](https://github.com/BVLC/caffe) into the this branch, see the following commands:
```
    git remote add caffe https://github.com/BVLC/caffe.git
    git fetch caffe
    git merge -X theirs caffe/master
```
- Installation: You can get detail steps about compilation and installation [here](http://caffe.berkeleyvision.org/installation.html).

# Usage
Our Caffe branch support configure quantization. 
If you do not configure any quantization parameters in the model, 
the full-precision network model will be executed by default.

### 1. Configure quantization
Once the installation is complete, you can add the specified compression parameters (as follows) to each layer to indicate the compression operations the layer needs to perform.
```
  weights_compress:"ULQ" 
  weights_compress_param{
    maxbits:8
  }
```
The optional parameters of `weights_compress` are:
```
Ternary_Quantize:  Compressing the corresponding layer weights/biases into three values {-1,0,1} 
                   and an additional quantized scaler alpha, which is a integer value with the 
                   limited bit width and the bit width can be set by configure the 
                   weights_compress_param.maxbits. More details can be found in our paper "T-DLA: 
                   An Open-source Deep Learning Accelerator for Ternarized DNN Models on Embedded 
                   FPGA" (reference 1).
				   
Clip:              Directly limit data range, for a input data,the output can be computed by this 
                   formula: output=(input*dst_range)/src_range). Here src_range=max(abs(input)) and   
                   usually dst_range=2^k. k can be set by configure the weights_compress_param.maxbits.
				   
ULQ:               implementation of $\mu$L2Q quantization method, compressing the corresponding 
                   layer weights/biases into integer with the limited bit width and the bit width
                   can be set by configure the weights_compress_param.maxbits. More details can be found 
                   in our paper "$\mu$L2Q: An Ultra-Low Loss Quantization Method for DNN Compression"
                   (reference 2).
``` 
Attributes of `weights_compress_param` include:
```
mxbits:            Integer. Must be specified manually. Limiting the bit width of quantized data and requiring 
                   manual configuration, default is 8 (bit width).
   
fixedpos:          Integer. Can't be specified manually. It will be generated automatically in training.
                   For Ternary_Quantize: After quantizing decimal to integer by shift (output=round(input/2^fixedpos)), 
                                         the number of steps of decimal point movement is recorded in fixedpos.

alpha:             Real (Float). Can't be specified manually. It will be generated automatically in training.
                   For Ternary_Quantize: referring to alpha in a paper 1 (reference 1).
                   For Clip: alpha=src_range/dst_range. Here src_range=max(abs(input)) and usually dst_range=2^k.   
                   k can be set by configure the weights_compress_param.maxbits.
                   For ULQ: referring to reciprocal of alpha in a paper 2 (reference 2).

delta:             Real (Float). Can't be specified manually. It will be generated automatically in training.
                   For Ternary_Quantize: referring to delta in a paper 1 (reference 1).
                   For ULQ: referring to beta in a paper 2 (reference 2).
```
### 2. Obtaining the quantized weights and compression parameters of quantized model
Obtaining the weights of quantized model:
```python
# using pycaffe to get the weigts of each layer
import caffe
import numpy as np
net = caffe.Net(your_deploy_prototxt, your_caffemodel_file, caffe.TEST)
for param_name in net.params.keys():
    #get the quantized weights and bias, if you don't quantize current layer, you will get None
    weights = net.params[param_name][0].quantize
    bias = net.params[param_name][1].quantize
```
Obtaining compression method and compression parameters:
```python
import caffe
import numpy as np
net = caffe.Net(your_deploy_prototxt, your_caffemodel_file, caffe.TEST)
for layer in net.layers: 
    print(layer.type)
    #get weights compress
    for i in range(len(layer.weights_compress)):
        print '\t weights_compress[%d]:'%i,layer.weights_compress[i]
        param=layer.weights_compress_param[i]
        print '\t weights_compress_param[%d]:'%i,"alpha=%f, delta=%f, fixedpos=%d, maxbits=%d"%(param.alpha,param.delta,param.fixedpos,param.maxbits)
    #get activations compress
    for i in range(len(layer.activations_compress)):
        print '\t activations_compress[%d]:'%i,layer.activations_compress[i]
        param=layer.activations_compress_param[i]
        print '\t activations_compress_param[%d]:'%i,"alpha=%f, delta=%f, fixedpos=%d, maxbits=%d"%(param.alpha,param.delta,param.fixedpos,param.maxbits)

```
Note: for ease of calculation, all parameters of quantized model have been scaled. If you want to get parameters 
of the integer (such as alpha), see the following steps

# Demo
We use lenet5 as a demo. You can follow these steps or run ```python ./demo.py``` directly 
(using your python version which install the pycaffe) or going to [quantization demo](quantization_demo.md).
### Prepare enviroment and data 
Set up the Python environment: we'll use the pylab import for numpy and plot inline.
```python
from pylab import *
%matplotlib inline
caffe_root = './'  # this file should be run from {caffe_root} (otherwise change this line)
import sys
sys.path.insert(0, caffe_root + 'python')
import caffe
import os
# Download data
!data/mnist/get_mnist.sh
# Prepare data
!examples/mnist/create_mnist.sh
```
### Creating the net with quantization config
```python
from caffe import layers as L, params as P
def lenet(lmdb, batch_size):
    # our version of LeNet: a series of linear and simple nonlinear transformations
    n = caffe.NetSpec()
    n.data, n.label = L.Data(batch_size=batch_size, backend=P.Data.LMDB, source=lmdb,
                             transform_param=dict(scale=1./255), ntop=2)
    n.conv1 = L.Convolution(n.data, kernel_size=5, num_output=20, weight_filler=dict(type='xavier'),
                           weights_compress=["ULQ","Ternary_Quantize"], #compress methods for kernel and bias
                           weights_compress_param=[{"maxbits":8},{"maxbits":8}], #compress param for kernel and bias
                           activations_compress="Clip",#compress method for activations
                           activations_compress_param={"maxbits":8})#compress param for activations
    n.pool1 = L.Pooling(n.conv1, kernel_size=2, stride=2, pool=P.Pooling.MAX)
    n.conv2 = L.Convolution(n.pool1, kernel_size=5, num_output=50, weight_filler=dict(type='xavier'),
                           weights_compress=["ULQ","Ternary_Quantize"],
                           weights_compress_param=[{"maxbits":8},{"maxbits":8}],
                           activations_compress="Clip",
                           activations_compress_param={"maxbits":8})
    n.pool2 = L.Pooling(n.conv2, kernel_size=2, stride=2, pool=P.Pooling.MAX)
    n.fc1 =   L.InnerProduct(n.pool2, num_output=500, weight_filler=dict(type='xavier'))
    n.relu1 = L.ReLU(n.fc1, in_place=True)
    n.score = L.InnerProduct(n.relu1, num_output=10, weight_filler=dict(type='xavier'))
    n.loss =  L.SoftmaxWithLoss(n.score, n.label)
    return n.to_proto()
train_net_path=caffe_root+'examples/mnist/lenet_auto_quantization_train.prototxt'
test_net_path=caffe_root+'examples/mnist/lenet_auto_quantization_test.prototxt'
train_batchsize=64
train_epoch=floor(50000/train_batchsize)
test_batchsize=100
test_epoch=floor(10000/test_batchsize)
with open(train_net_path, 'w') as f:
    f.write(str(lenet(caffe_root+'examples/mnist/mnist_train_lmdb', train_batchsize)))
with open(test_net_path, 'w') as f:
    f.write(str(lenet(caffe_root+'examples/mnist/mnist_test_lmdb', test_batchsize)))
```
### Define solver:
```python
solver_config_path=caffe_root+'examples/mnist/lenet_auto_quantization_solver.prototxt'
from caffe.proto import caffe_pb2
s = caffe_pb2.SolverParameter()
s.random_seed = 0xCAFFE
s.train_net = train_net_path
s.test_net.append(test_net_path)
s.test_interval = 500  # Test after every 500 training iterations.
s.test_iter.append(100) # Test on 100 batches each time we test.
s.max_iter = 10000     # no. of times to update the net (training iterations)
# EDIT HERE to try different solvers
# solver types include "SGD", "Adam", and "Nesterov" among others.
s.type = "SGD"
# Set the initial learning rate for SGD.
s.base_lr = 0.01  # EDIT HERE to try different learning rates
# Set momentum to accelerate learning by
# taking weighted average of current and previous updates.
s.momentum = 0.9
# Set weight decay to regularize and prevent overfitting
s.weight_decay = 5e-4
# Set `lr_policy` to define how the learning rate changes during training.
# This is the same policy as our default LeNet.
s.lr_policy = 'inv'
s.gamma = 0.0001
s.power = 0.75
# EDIT HERE to try the fixed rate (and compare with adaptive solvers)
# `fixed` is the simplest policy that keeps the learning rate constant.
# s.lr_policy = 'fixed'
# Display the current training loss and accuracy every 1000 iterations.
s.display = 1000
# Snapshots are files used to store networks we've trained.
# We'll snapshot every 5K iterations -- twice during training.
s.snapshot = 5000
s.snapshot_prefix = "lenet_auto_quantization"
# Train on the GPU
s.solver_mode = caffe_pb2.SolverParameter.GPU
# Write the solver to a temporary file and return its filename.
with open(solver_config_path, 'w') as f:
    f.write(str(s))
### load the solver and create train and test nets
caffe.set_device(3)#set your own gpu id
caffe.set_mode_gpu()
solver = None  # ignore this workaround for lmdb data (can't instantiate two solvers on the same data)
solver = caffe.get_solver(solver_config_path)
```
### Training:
```python
epoches = 20
# print train_epoch
# losses will also be stored in the log
train_loss = zeros(epoches)
test_acc = zeros(epoches)
# the main solver loop
for ep in range(epoches):
    solver.step(train_epoch)  # run one epoch
    # store the train loss
    train_loss[ep] = solver.net.blobs['loss'].data
    correct = 0
    for test_it in range(100):
        solver.test_nets[0].forward()
        correct += sum(solver.test_nets[0].blobs['score'].data.argmax(1)== solver.test_nets[0].blobs['label'].data)
    test_acc[ep] = correct / 1e4
    print("epoch %d: train loss=%.4f, test accuracy=%.4f"%(ep,train_loss[ep],test_acc[ep]))
#plot figure
_, ax1 = subplots()
ax2 = ax1.twinx()
ax1.plot(arange(epoches), train_loss)
ax2.plot(arange(epoches), test_acc, 'r')
ax1.set_xlabel('iteration')
ax1.set_ylabel('train loss')
ax2.set_ylabel('test accuracy')
ax2.set_title('Test Accuracy: {:.2f}'.format(test_acc[-1]))
```

### Get and restore weights and activations for further processing
```python
#restore the weights to integer
def parse_data(data,compress_method,compress_param):
    if compress_method=="ULQ":
        alpha=compress_param.alpha
        beta=compress_param.delta
        return (data-beta)/alpha+0.5
    if compress_method=="Ternary_Quantize":
        alpha=compress_param.alpha
        fixedpos=compress_param.fixedpos
        print("restore alpha to integer: alpha=%f"%(alpha/2**fixedpos))
        return data/alpha
    if compress_method=="Clip":
        alpha=compress_param.alpha
        return data/alpha  
layer=solver.net.layers[1]
#for ULQ
data1=parse_data(layer.blobs[0].quantize,layer.weights_compress[0],layer.weights_compress_param[0])
#for Ternary_Quantization
data2=parse_data(layer.blobs[1].quantize,layer.weights_compress[1],layer.weights_compress_param[1])
#for Clip
data3=parse_data(solver.net.blobs['conv1'].data,layer.activations_compress[0],layer.activations_compress_param[0])
print(data1.reshape(-1)[:5])
print(data2.reshape(-1)[:5])
print(data3.reshape(-1)[:5])
imshow(data3[:,0].reshape(8, 8, 24, 24).transpose(0, 2, 1, 3).reshape(8*24, 8*24), cmap='gray')
```

Please cite our works in your publications if it helps your research:
```
@article{yao2019tdla,
  title={T-DLA: An Open-source Deep Learning Accelerator for Ternarized DNN Models on Embedded FPGA},
  author={Yao Chen, Kai Zhang, Cheng Gong, Cong Hao, Xiaofan Zhang, Tao Li and Deming Chen},
  journal={IEEE Computer Society Annual Symposium on VLSI 2019 (ISVLSI)},
  year={2019}
}
@article{cheng2019uL2Q,
  title={$\mu$L2Q: An Ultra-Low Loss Quantization Method for DNN},
  author={Cheng, Gong and Ye, Lu and Tao, Li and Xiaofan, Zhang and Cong, Hao and Deming, Chen and Yao, Chen},
  journal={The 2019 International Joint Conference on Neural Networks (IJCNN)},
  year={2019}
}
```
